funny
abscess
Hello everyone, where are they
calm news cool just audi
it is generally a genius ford company and decided
do not carry on a seven-seater
compact gran 17 place it will appear
five-seater modification of this
models
then transfer power plant
Toyota will compete with the car
succeeded which should appear at
American dealers this summer
usa will be sold in the TV version portions
max hybrid is now in the jeep the first one
represents traditionally
hybrid car and second so
called plug-in hybrid with
rechargeable
batteries from a home outlet
currently ford is not yet
reveals detailed features
power plant of this model
manufacturers that clarifies that the fund 17
hybrid occurs about six liters
fuel per 100 kilometers and the stock
car running three refueled tank and
fully charged lithium ion batteries
is 800 kilometers said
battery help takes 8 hours from
using 120 volts both home stations by
According to fund representatives
next year when sales on
the US market will enter new 17
cost of hybrid power plants
decrease by about 30 percent
so in the company
intend to keep prices hybrid
compact van
at the lowest possible for this kind of machines
levels
honda company started
massive promotion charged
version of his sports hybrid
Cern knows
Here is an option in the US
performance brought recently to race 24
hours attention
and in July at the festival of speed in the city year
year will show the latest version of honda crv in tuning
from the leg
compact sports movement
the car is driven by
Maduro aripyaev volume and a half
building
standard engine has undergone
major modernization and was
equipped with a turbocharging system as a result
total power will exceed 200 horse
forces
Muntean representatives said that
versus profit
he managed to increase efficiency
Madonna
percent besides he's a church
then on-board computer which
more than 2000 characters
operation of the hybrid system and
mechanical supercharger
despite the massive aerodynamic
kit new problem
about 50 kilograms here
lighter suspension carbon bonnet
the name of the extra cabin parts
due to low weight car
can accelerate to one hundred kilometers per hour
in about 6 seconds while his
maximum speed is
somewhere 250 kilometers an hour with a smooth and
measured driving knotted weapons
by forbes in the rooms
within five meters however costs
go to the plant throws mode
doubles
bp company and california
the university won't give up
distribution test results
less electric cars
several hundred american families in
throughout the year a total of for it
time cars drove almost a half
million kilometers
for testing in the us was built 450
such cars are willing to accept
participation in the tests could take at least
on lease for one year with monthly payment
850 dollars recall that the share of opera mini
equipped with two hundred strong motor
receiving energy a two independent
lithium-ion battery packs power reserve
car is approximately
240 kilometers absolutely everything and
testers said that with constant
electric car operation turned out
very practical 90 percent of respondents
noted that the mini years are completely
matches their needs except
Moreover, 77 percent of testers reported
that completely changed their
less about electricity
will now consider such
cars for purchase they desire
purchase electric
cars said only 9 percent
surveyed about eighty eight
percent of respondents
reported that they would think
over the next five years electric cars
or hybrid car speak to
the necessary range of the electric car 71
percent driver name e noted that
drove about 65 kilometers a day
for today it's all romantic rma threshold i
I wish you health
and your car
good luck on the road see you that is
e